README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Rajveer Singh Kaler!

### B.Tech CSE Student at Chitkara University

A Developer who is deeply is love with technology. Love to do anything involving hardware or software.

---

### 🛠️ My Tech Stack

**Languages & Frameworks**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

**Tools & Design**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=KalerKaler&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" />
</p>

---

### 📫 How to reach me:
* **LinkedIn**: [linkedin.com/in/RajveerSinghKaler](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajveer-singh-64691435a/)
* **Email**: [rajveera1424@gmail.com](rajveera1424@gmail.com)

*"A QUITTER NEVER WINS-AND-A WINNER NEVER QUITS."*

Commit message:

Add hobbies section to README
Added a section about hobbies and current reading.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Rajveer Singh Kaler!

### B.Tech CSE Student at Chitkara University

A Developer who is deeply is love with technology. Love to do anything involving hardware or software.

---

### 🛠️ My Tech Stack

**Languages & Frameworks**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

**Tools & Design**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=KalerKaler&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" />
</p>

---

### Hobbies
# I love anime and am really into books as well. Currently, I am reading "Think and grow rich" by Napoleon Hill.
---
### 📫 How to reach me:
* **LinkedIn**: [linkedin.com/in/RajveerSinghKaler](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajveer-singh-64691435a/)
* **Email**: [rajveera1424@gmail.com](rajveera1424@gmail.com)

*"A QUITTER NEVER WINS-AND-A WINNER NEVER QUITS."*
